Wow, it turns out there is such a thing.
Hey, have you seen enough?
That's almost it.
So you are watching these every day.
No wonder people outside say you are weak.
Could it be that the entire Jiang family has been monitored by you?
I don't have your good nature.
But Huo Yao was going to come over suddenly that day.
I always feel like she has no good intentions.
That's why I asked Lao Fo to do some tricks in the guest room.
But she just said she wanted to get pregnant.
How about you help her.
She has help, she doesn't need me.
Next week will be my grandpa’s 70th birthday.
He has expressed his opinion before
It will be announced on the birthday who the next successor of the Zombie Group will be.
Then I would like to congratulate you in advance.
No need to congratulate me so early
Compared to me, a sick guy
People outside prefer that the successor be my second uncle Jiang Yuhui
Even my cousin Jiang Fang
Especially Xiao Jianshan, right?
You should have heard of it too
Ever since you made a big fuss at Xiao Jianshan’s auction
The entire Linjiang City Committee knows
Xiao Jianshan offended Mrs. Sun of the Zombie Group
Many companies that wanted to cooperate with him in the past were reluctant.
What about your second uncle?
He's quite strange
He just watched Xiao Jianshan sell his company
nothing done
Maybe
What evil are you holding back secretly?
Even if it means doing something bad
It must be done before the Successor Conference.
So starting from tomorrow
You have to be extra careful I'm thinking
They were monitoring it just now
How did you achieve that posture? Let’s see next.